Previously on
Sons of Anarchy...
It’s Gemma’s statement
about what happened
with Polly and Edmond
at the safe house.
If you want her clear
of the homicide,
get her on board.
This is from Stahl,
isn’t it?
Do not get in bed
with this bitch.
I’m telling you, this
is what you need to do
to protect SAMCRO.
So, Polly, she had a gun.
I shot first.
Kill or be killed.
Then this ATF agent
walked out of the back room.
Can you identify the agent?
It was her.
Agent Tyler?
I know you’ve been
talking to Jax Teller.
I made a deal with Jax Teller
to deliver Jimmy O’Phelan.
What about Gemma’s statement?
You think that anything she
says is going to hold weight?
Come on, baby.
This is huge, okay?
We know Jimmy’s reached
out to the Russians
in Northern California.
The, uh, ones we’ve been
muling your handguns to?
Aye. You need to kill him
before he exiles
someplace where
we can’t find him.
Baby?
SALAZAR (recording):
Ashamed of doing
business with me?
JACOB: You were
supposed to scare Lumpy,
not beat him half to death.
This is blackmail.
God, I’m so sorry.
Hey, I know you.
You’re Jax Teller’s
girl, right?
Yeah.
Who are you?
I’m his girl.
[Luisa gasps]
Let her leave,
and I’ll save Luisa.
I’m sorry.
She’s gone.
[Salazar shouts, Tara screams]
It’s Tig.
What?
You’re going to want
to hear this.
Hey, boys.
Welcome home.
Come on, all of you.
Clay.
Chibby.
I got that.
Hi, baby.
I missed you.
Hey, Gemma.
Welcome home.
Anything on Tara?
No, brother.
I just talked to Unser.
There’s nothing new.
I’m sorry.
- All right.
- Okay.
What’s that?
Prospects spent
all night on it.
ATF, Charming PD
are digging into Salazar.
They talked to that aunt
who owned that house,
and they’re rattling
a few of the Calaveras.
So far, they got nothing.
All right.
I’ll check in with Unser.
You see where Stahl is at.
We got a complication.
Yeah.
Alvarez found out that
the cops are all over Salazar.
Now, if Hector gets picked up,
he could seriously
blow a whistle on
this heroin operation.
If the Mayans are
looking for Salazar,
they’re not gonna give a shit
about protecting Tara.
Call Alvarez.
Set a meet.
And, uh, let’s find this aunt
who owns the house.
Maybe we can convince her
to share some info
on little Hector.
Well, that seems better.
Good. ’Cause we’re
gonna need Kozik.
And you, we’re gonna have
to get up to the cabin.
You got to get out of sight.
No. I want to stay here.
Piney’s already up there,
waiting for you.
Ooh, let him wait.
Nobody knows I’m back.
I just want to sleep in
my own bed.
JAX:
We’ll lock down the garage.
She’ll be safe.
Okay.
For now.
I’m gonna dump my shit,
and we’ll go, yeah?
Take the baby.
Sure.
Bye, sweetie.
I’ll be right back.
Hi.
Hey, baby.
He looks happy
to be home.
Isn’t he a cutie?
Hi, boobie.
- Hey. Yeah.
- Ooh.
[Abel cooing]
[door opens]
Hey.
Don’t get used
to staying here.
You’re going home with
your son and your old lady.
Yes, ma’am.
Hey, sit down.
[sighs]
I need you to tell me
what’s going on with Stahl.
Ma, we’ve been through this.
You’re doing this
for me, Jackson.
I think I got a right to know.
[sighs]
You’ll find out soon enough.
You’re just going
to have to trust me.
I can’t protect you
from Clay if he finds out.
And if you go to jail with
them knowing you’re a rat,
you’ll be dead in a day.
Look, I promise, everyone
is going to be okay.
[door closes]
[grunting]
[panting]
[chuckling]
[fly buzzing]
♪ Riding through this world
All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul
You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed
Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
This way.
Wait here, baby.
There you go,
my beautiful boy.
[sighs]
[clears throat]
Can I ask you something?
Well, sure, honey.
Lyla and me...
I think she’s sweet.
Seems good with her kid.
Yeah, she is.
But she earns her living
catching come in her mouth,
and I’m sensing that’s
a problem for you.
Donna begged me
to give up the life.
I guess now I know
how that feels.
I got no right to ask
her to give it up.
No.
Unless you marry her.
She needs security, Ope.
Marry her.
My guess is, she starts
working with her legs shut.
I’m really glad
you found the kid.
Yeah, thanks.
Gemma?
[sighs]
Bail hearing is set
for two days from now.
I don’t know when
I’m gonna see her again.
She ain’t going anywhere.
Okay.
I’ll make sure we stay clear.
So, Tig fills me in on Hale
and the department.
Sanwa Sheriffs.
That a done deal?
If I can tie Hale
to Lumpy’s death,
we got a shot at
keeping Charming PD.
Sheriffs take over
Charming, and...
it’s a different town.
A whole new ball game
for SAMCRO.
So, how we do we prove
that Hale’s dirty?
We gotta take Salazar alive.
Ratting on Hale is
the first card he’ll play.
Okay.
I’ll make sure my guys know.
Thanks for Gemma.
Yeah.
[phone ringing]
Well, look who it is.
My favorite frequent fliers.
I’ll meet you back
at the clubhouse.
Where’s O’Phelan?
M.I.A.
Just like Tara.
All right, look.
Salazar is still in the area.
We’ve got it locked down.
We will find her.
Yeah, I know that
you’re taking a bit
of an emotional beating
here, Jax,
and I’m sorry about that,
but you and I have
a lot at stake here.
The Irish gave Jimmy safe
passage out of Belfast in
exchange for my kid.
He’s up north
with the Russians.
Putlova?
Yeah.
We’re into him.
We got a brother
in maximum security.
Lenny the Pimp.
Lenny Janowitz.
The scumbag who killed
three ATF agents?
Allegedly.
Lenny’s got direct ties
to the Russians.
He’s a real source.
But he’s got no
visitation rights,
so we gotta use Otto
to reach out to him.
Otto’s in the hole.
He’s out tomorrow.
If you can arrange
for Lenny and Otto
to get some yard time together,
we might get a lead on where
Putlova had Jimmy stashed.
All right, well,
I’ll see what I can do.
In the meantime, I’d like you
to take a look at these.
Former high-ranking
leaders of the IRA
now make up the ruling council
of the real IRA.
Did you have any contact with
any of these guys?
Few of them look familiar.
I’ll be able to focus
when Tara’s safe.
We don’t have time for this.
The sooner we find Tara,
the sooner I find Jimmy.
Belfast is just a portal.
The guns come from four
or five different sources.
I still have all
those relationships.
You’ll be one of
the biggest distributors
of weapons in the northwest.
That’s a very
big promise, Jimmy.
Once I’m set up
in Santa Catarina,
we can work out the details.
Securing your passage
to South America
means pulling in a lot
of favors
and paying off some very
influential people.
It’s a big risk for us.
I’m aware of that.
Good, because we want our
compensation up front.
The full two million.
It was supposed to be 500 down,
and the rest once I’m in Brazil.
I don’t have
that kind of cash here.
We can probably pull together
700K, maybe 750.
I’ll give you the guns for cost,
plus 20 for the first year.
Cost, plus zero for
the first six months.
Then if all goes well,
cost plus ten for
the next two years.
Fine.
Make the arrangements.
We’ll be back with the 750.
I think you should stay here.
Your associate can
make the collections.
Yeah, well, it’ll go a lot
quicker if I’m the one doing it.
I’m not in any hurry.
You’re lucky to have
such a loyal man.
Be so easy for him to collect
that cash and just disappear.
How long of a drive
is it to Vegas?
[laughs]
I just wanted to come by
and make sure you’re okay.
Yeah.
Just last week, you were
pulling a gun on me.
Technically, I pulled
it on Tig.
Right.
Everything’s shit side up,
sweetheart.
This last year or so,
this-this town...
this...
It can’t catch its breath.
It’ll settle.
It always does.
Not this time.
It’s all going away.
I’m sorry.
It’s okay.
Jax is in trouble.
Cut some kind of
deal with Stahl.
What’s he giving her?
I’m not sure.
Well, the ATF’s on
this thing with Tara.
Stahl’s working out
of the station house.
I could, uh...
I could talk to her,
feel her out.
No.
No, better not.
Everyone needs to really
focus on finding Tara.
Well, you’re right.
Okay.
Thanks for the chat.
Welcome back.
[laughs]
Marcus.
Hey.
You found your boy?
Yeah, thanks.
That’s good.
I know why you want to talk.
Salazar has my old lady.
And I’m sorry about that,
but I got to look out
for my family, too.
Salazar’s a threat
to me and my club.
He’s got to die.
Salazar’s got a much
bigger card to play than you.
He’s running dirty errands
for Jacob Hale.
We bring him in alive, yeah,
it keeps Tara safe,
but it also protects
the heroin trade.
What are you talking about?
Jacob Hale becomes mayor,
Charming turns into
suburban Disneyland.
All protected by
a corporate-fortified county
sheriff’s department.
Salazar wants me dead.
He’ll give me and the heroin
up just to watch us burn.
Look, I don’t want to see
the doctor get hurt,
but her safety–
it ain’t my priority.
BOBBY:
Out! Out! Out!
[woman speaking Spanish]
If I have to listen to
one more word of this...
[woman speaking Spanish]
Shut up!
Anything?
Jesus, no.
I...
Her name’s Ramona, I think.
I can’t understand
a word she says.
Nobody speaks Spanish?
Nothing?
I’m a Puerto Rican from Queens.
I speak better Yiddish.
[speaking Spanish]
[gasps]
What are we doing here?
[sighs]
Let’s go.
Stay with him.
Check the house.
We’ll take the road.
JAX:
Careful.
I’ll go.
ALVAREZ:
Ese!
You’d better come see this!
Shit.
[heavy sigh]
Office supplies?
No. I really have
to show this to you.
Not a good time, Chucky.
[sighs]
Need you to open
the back gate for me.
Where are you going?
I got to, uh,
test-drive that Beamer.
Quality assurance.
You’re lying to me, right?
That’s right.
Now open the gate.
[phone ringing]
You worry too much, Jimmy.
Aye.
If Donny can’t come up
with the cash,
I’m going to have
to reach out to other people.
It’ll mean me venturing out
from your lovely
hospitality here.
You’re a man in
a very dire situation.
The Feds, your Irish brothers,
a lot of people want you.
If you leave here,
there are too many things
that could go wrong.
And you simply know
too much about us.
Jesus, Viktor,
I’m not gonna get caught,
and if I did, I’m not a rat.
I know that,
and I want nothing more
than to continue our
relationship.
But the only way
that can happen
is if we get you safely
to South America.
And to do that,
I need the money.
Get in the car.
Really?
Gun.
What are you doing with Jax?
What did he tell you?
Nothing.
Which means it’s bad.
Your son knows his priorities.
Family.
My son isn’t thinking straight.
And I’m sure whatever
he’s got cooking with you
is only gonna hurt his family.
What do you want?
Kill the deal.
It’s not your decision.
Kill the deal, or I turn
myself in to the U.S. Attorney
and tell him my statement
was a pack of lies you fed me.
I’m sure that agent you’re
hanging all the blame on
will have no problem
backing me up on that.
You have no idea what you’re
stepping on here, Gemma.
End the deal...
or I end your career.
Now, get out.
[tires squealing]
What the hell was that?
Nothing.
Gemma’s a fugitive.
We got to call it in.
No, we don’t.
June...
Shut up and get in the car!
[police radio]
Left it pretty bad with her,
didn’t you?
We got to find her, Bobby.
Yeah.
Well, we just traveled
halfway around the world
to get your boy.
Tara should be
a walk in the park.
Anything?
Uh, looks like
the girlfriend bled out,
other victim was bludgeoned.
Laurie Allen.
Never made it home from work.
Salazar killed her
for the ride.
Probably.
Gray Lexus.
We put out an APB.
[phone rings]
Ramona.
R-Ramona.
[speaking Spanish]
Adios.
Dr. Knowles.
We need to see Jacob.
I need that spec sheet.
Inside!
Oh, my God!
Let Charming know they got
themselves a hostage situation.
What’s happening?
Uh, sheriff’s taking over.
Negotiator’s setting up
a call with Salazar.
If it was Tara
who killed his girl,
a negotiator ain’t
gonna do shit.
Jax, they know
what they’re doing.
Salazar’s gonna hurt her!
All right, all right, look,
as far we know, Tara is fine.
If he was gonna hurt her,
he would have done so already.
Now, we will get her back.
You need to keep
it together, son.
Yeah.
[motorcycle engines rumbling]
What are we gonna
do about them?
JAX:
Shit.
Buy ’em some popcorn.
Ain’t nothin’ any of us are
gonna be able to do now.
They’re gonna be
calling any minute.
You’re gonna do the talking.
Write this down.
I want a police vehicle.
Like, um...
like a SWAT van.
Something secure.
And I want enough food, water
and gas to get to Tecate.
Mexico?
No. New Zealand.
What do you think, bitch?
I want the roads clear of cops
and safe passage
over the border.
And let me guess–
a suitcase full of money.
No, there’s only one
other thing I want.
[phone rings]
You got his demands?
Yeah.
He wants a free ride
to cartel country.
Gonna give us Hale for that.
What about Tara?
He only lets her go
if he can trade her for you.
Let’s do it.
Jackie.
The minute he sees your face,
he’ll gun you down.
He’s right.
We ain’t gonna let you
take that chance.
Salazar needs a hostage
to get out of there alive.
He ain’t gonna kill me.
It’s too risky,
and it’s against policy.
I’m gonna call in the FBI.
We’ll let tactical
handle it, all right?
Look, he’s desperate–
he ain’t gonna give us time
to plan. I’m doing this.
All right, there’s only two
ways out if this goes south–
front door here...
and a fire exit
off the back alley.
I think we should
load up the back.
That’s the way he’ll go.
I’m gonna call in
for more agents.
Why don’t you let us
take the back with local PD,
and you can run
tactical from here.
That’s fine by me.
Let’s go.
Okay.
Tell them to make the call.
They’re sending in Jax.
You’re going to kill him.
No. First, I’m gonna
kill you, make him watch.
Then I’m gonna kill him.
[knocking]
[panting]
Come on!
Shut the door.
Get ’em up.
Hey, come on, come on.
Sit down.
I said, sit down!
Let her go.
[laughing]
You don’t tell me what to do!
Huh?
Aah!
Get up.
- Get up!
- Okay, okay.
[handcuffs clattering]
I watched my girl
bleed out and die.
Hey!
[groans]
Hey. You kill anyone
that’s not a cop.
- Teller!
- They’re in the office.
[yelling]
Salazar’s on the run;
looks like the
hostages are safe.
Watch the exits, people.
He’s gonna be moving.
All right, sounds like
he’s headed to the front.
You guys back up the sheriffs.
We got this.
Okay.
Let’s go.
Out front.
Come with me.
Nowhere left to run, bro.
Put the ax down, and I’ll let
you walk out of here alive.
That’s... that’s bullshit.
It’s not bullshit.
You got dirt on Hale.
We want to see that prick burn.
I let you walk out of here,
and you got to rat him out.
Come on, bro.
SWAT:
Open up!
[groans]
Ah!
Shit.
He came at me with the ax.
I had no choice.
Ten-four.
Copy that.
Salazar attacked Teller
with a fire ax.
Teller killed him
with his own knife.
TIG:
All right, Jax.
That’s some good news.
Sorry.
Salazar’s a 926.
All the hostages are safe.
Let’s bring it in, kids.
[radio crackles]
Shit.
What is it?
I’ve got a situation here!
Three Mexican males,
maybe Mayan.
We’re pinned down.
Radio:
Copy that.
Shit!
Agent down!
I repeat, agent down!
Radio:
Officers responding.
[gasping and groaning]
Shh...
Shh-shh-shh.
Just go, baby.
Just go.
Agent Stahl.
Agent Stahl?
Help me!
Help!
Somebody help me!
[fetal heartbeat]
There.
Strong heartbeat.
Looks healthy.
[beeps]
Thank you.
I believe if I hadn’t acted,
all three of us would be dead.
And because of
the ongoing investigation,
I can’t say any
more about the case,
but I do want to say...
Are you doing okay?
Yes, thank you.
I’m so glad you’re safe.
Thank you.
I’m so sorry.
It’s okay.
Thank you.
Our conquering hero.
Of the complete
disregard these criminals...
According to him, he brought
down Salazar single-handed.
[scoffs]
After this, Oswald would be
an idiot to run against him.
Yeah.
I’m sorry that didn’t
go the other way.
Hmm.
Well, I guess, uh,
it’s time to retire.
Mom’s doing
a breakfast tomorrow.
You should come by.
I’d like that.
Whatever happens
with these charges,
we’re looking at time.
Now we’ve got a game changer
with this new Irish opportunity.
I’m not going to let
that slip through my fingers,
even if I’ve got to run it
out of Stockton yard.
Which means SAMCRO is gonna need
some bodies to make this happen.
We’ve got six guys
willing to make the transfer.
Voting them in is
going to have to take place
after we’re on the inside.
Which means we got to vote in
a new member before we go away.
We need Kozik to stay whole.
Jax and Piney’s proxies, yea.
Me, yea.
No.
Sorry, can’t do it.
[sobbing]
Here.
Hi.
The baby’s fine.
I know.
712.
It’s everything I could get.
I’m sorry.
And you had no faith.
Everybody okay?
Good.
You?
Getting through it.
I, uh, I have to give my
statement to our I.A. group.
I’m sorry about Tyler.
Yeah.
Look, you and I need to finish
what we started here, Jax.
I know.
We just got word that Jimmy O
is draining his shadow accounts
out here.
He’s gonna jump.
Then set up a meeting
with Lenny and Otto
and we’ll find Jimmy.
Finish all this.
Well, let’s just hope that
that happens before your
mother tanks the whole thing.
She took me at gunpoint today.
Told me to kill
the deal with you
or she would turn herself in
and tell the U.S. attorney that
I made her lie under oath.
I’m sorry. She is afraid
of what will happen if the club
finds out about this.
Look, I promise they won’t find
out if we do it the right way.
Now, I need the real IRA
council, all right?
You give me names,
I clear your mother.
You give me Jimmy,
I clear your club.
It’s nice up here.
This was my grandmother’s ring.
For the next few days,
I got to do
a few things...
and I’m not sure how
it’s all going to land.
Everything’s changing.
What are you talking about?
We should get married.
[motorcycle engines revving]
I tried.
I just can’t get past it.
Yeah.
Clay’s gonna need Lee
or someone down here
to make a fourth guy.
Just come back
when I’m inside–
they’ll vote you in.
No, I’m not going to slip
in the back door
like some kind of bitch.
Yeah, I know. I know.
Gonna need you
to finish things up here.
All right.
I’m here till it’s done.
Thanks.
I loved her, too.
Hey, baby.
And, uh, then I returned fire.
I don’t know if I hit anyone.
They ran to the car
and took off.
It was a late-model
gray Honda.
Okay.
Were they wearing colors?
No.
I wasn’t close enough
to see any ink, you know,
so I couldn’t tell if they
were part of the Calaveras
or the Mayans
or some other crew.
Okay, good.
Um, anything else?
Yes.
Um, I need
to disclose something.
Agent Tyler and I were having
a... relationship.
Romantic.
It was new, so we didn’t have
time to document anything,
which makes what I’m about to
tell you that much more painful.
Amy...
Agent Tyler...
confessed something
to me today before she died.
What was the confession,
Agent Stahl?
It was about what happened
last month at the safe house
with Edmond Hayes.
Continue.
Uh, she was first
on the scene.
I arrived, and she recounted
what had happened.
I made the call,
filed the report,
because I’m primary and...
well...
She told me today
that it was all a lie.
And what happened
at the safe house?
She got into an argument
with Edmond Hayes.
He... hit her.
And then he tried to escape.
And she shot him in the back.
Then she hid when
Gemma Teller showed up.
And she witnessed Gemma kill
Polly Zobelle in self-defense.
And then she decided
to frame Gemma...
...for the murder
of Edmond Hayes.
To protect her
from the dirty kill?
[sobs]
[sighs]
No.
To protect me.
She knew how important
this case was to my career.
And she didn’t want to
disappoint me.
So everything in Gemma Teller’s
statement was true?
[sniffles]
Yes.
Gemma was wrongly charged.